Docs/sdk overview 20092022 (#1471)
vtex/faststore: apps/docs/docs/reference/sdk/faststore-sdk.md

# FastStore SDK

FastStore SDK provides tools that help you deal with key ecommerce features:

- [Shopping cart](#shopping-cart)
- [Session](#session)
- [Search](#search)
- [Analytics](#analytics)

:::info

> Note that the SDK manages these aspects of your store in the context of shoppers' browsers. This means, for example, that functions related to cart and session, do not necessarily send requests to the [FastStore API](/reference/api/faststore-api). In this case, the goal is to manage information in the browser, that can then be validated in the platform with the appropriate [mutations](/reference/api/mutations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that because these aspects are managed within the browser context, SDK functions do not necessarily send requests to the [FastStore API](/reference/api/faststore-api). In this case, to send information from the browser to the VTEX platform, it's necessary to use the appropriate mutations(/reference/api/mutations) from the FastStore API.
```

:::

Each of the features mentioned above has different properties and behaviors. Below you can learn more about each of them.

## Shopping cart

> The SDK cart module controls the state of the shopping cart data structure in the shopper's browser. You can use them to add items to the cart, remove items, and clear the cart, among other tasks. Learn more about [shopping cart functions](/reference/sdk/cart/useCart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cart module controls the state of the shopping cart data structure in the shopper's browser. You can use them to add items to the cart, remove items, and clear the cart, among other tasks. Learn more about [shopping cart functions](/reference/sdk/cart/useCart).
```

Reviewer: Só para padronizar com as outras seções.
- the session module...
- the blalba moduel...

:::info
Learn more about how to validate the cart in the shopper's browser against the information in the platform with [FastStore API mutations](/reference/api/mutations).
:::

## Session

> The session module manages the state of session information in the shopper's browser. This includes currency, channel, localization and shopper data. Learn more about the [session SDK module](/reference/sdk/session) data structure and usage.

Reviewer: Capitalizar os nomes das features (Session, Search, Analytics).
Exemplo:
The Session module manages the state of session information in the shopper's browser.

:::info
Learn more about how to validate session data in the shopper's browser against the data in the platform with [FastStore API mutations](/reference/api/mutations).
:::

## Search

> FastStore faceted search is based on search URL parameters. Whenever a shopper searches your store or makes changes to the available facets selections, the SDK search module generates a unique and serialized URL, then directs the browser to that URL.

Reviewer: Esse parágrafo fugiu bastante do padrão

> FastStore faceted search is based on search URL parameters. Whenever a shopper searches your store or makes changes to the available facets selections, the SDK search module generates a unique and serialized URL, then directs the browser to that URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Search module offers functions for implementing a faceted search based on search URL parameters. Whenever a shopper searches your store or changes the selected facets, the Search module generates a unique and serialized URL and redirects the user to that URL.
```
